hi I'm Angela and I'm gonna show you
some easy ways to use a little bit of
creative styling in your salon
this is gypsy and the first thing we're
going to talk about his neck bands
everyone does bows and bandanas you can
get this fancy trim at almost any store
and what you do is you cut it to length
just wrap it around the dog's neck and
leave about an extra half-inch to work
with you got your measurement just cut
the ribbon we have these nifty little
velcro tabs that you can get at Walmart
or Walgreens and they're self-adhesive
but to make a collar we're gonna hot
glue them you get my hot glue gun
what we're gonna do is on the top side
of one end we're gonna place one side of
our velcro tab and then on the other
underside of the other end and this will
make our latch
we're gonna let that sit and dry for a
second where we end up with are these
nice little collars that velcro make all
different kinds of ribbon she depends on
what colors you want to go with what
theme you want to go with and they're
really nice your clients love them the
reason we made the red white and blue
one is we're gonna make gypsy here look
like a rocket pop we're gonna do some
blow peon work on her also the first
thing we're gonna do is put this back on
her
we're gonna move this blue guns she
doesn't step on it I'm gonna start in
the front here I've got to blow pins my
red and blue like I said we're gonna do
her up for the fourth of July
you just blow up at the blow pin on and
then brush this is how you cover a large
area she doesn't necessarily like her
face glowed in she's arguing
all right now we've got the red on there
we're gonna do the next section blue
like I said just apply a little bit of
the blue pin at a time and then brush it
in this is gonna spread the color down
to the ends of the hair this is very
easy to do in your shop it washes out in
one to six baths so the clients gonna
change it fairly regular gypsy stop
all right we have our red and blue on
her face
I've got her a little red white and blue
collar we're gonna do her feet
yeah we got one blue we're gonna do one
red
gipsy is boy Craig's dog and she doesn't
really prefer to be groomed
she's a little spoiled
there we go now turn that way booth
camera
they're the last foot in blue we're
alternating them
mr. toe
there we go gypsies looking all
patriotic camera gypsy
she's ready for the fourth of July and
the blow pants are non-toxic so her
licking him it's not gonna hurt anything
you